Add Validations&Protocols (#5)
mobillium/iOS-Guidelines: project-folder-structure.md

<a name="protocols"></a>
## Protocols
<details>
Multiple protocols used in App should store under the Protocols folder. These protocols should divided by their usage purpose such as Apple SignIn Protocol, Facebook SignIn Protocol.

```text
├── ProjectFolder
  ├── Protocols
    ├── Protocol files
```
</details>

<a name="validation"></a>
## Validation
<details>

> All validation files should store under the Validation folder. The core files and custom files should store under the Classes folder. If you are using custom rules, these rules should store under the Rules folder divided by their usage. All the constants such as password minimum - maximum lenght should store under the Constants folder with ValidationConstants.swift naming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All validation files should store under the Validation folder. The core files and custom files should store under the Classes folder. If you are using custom rules, these rules should store under the Rules folder divided by their usage. All the constants such as password minimum - maximum length should store under the Constants folder with ValidationConstants.swift naming.
```

<a name="protocols"></a>
## Protocols

> > Multiple protocols used in App should store under the **Protocols** folder. These protocols should divided by their usage purpose such as Apple SignIn Protocol, Facebook SignIn Protocol.

Reviewer: typo Apple SignIn Protocol, Facebook SignIn Protocol.
```suggestion
> Multiple protocols used in App should store under the **Protocols** folder. These protocols should divided by their usage purpose such as AppleSignInProtocol, FacebookSignInProtocol.
```
